now first of all I'm gonna make Big Al's
jerk pork belly this tasty pork belly is
gonna be marinated slow-cooked grilled
over the old Barbie have finally served
up with my sweet spicy jerky sauce now
first things first get a little Bowl now
that big just big enough to put all your
rings in cuz we're gonna be getting day
don't marinate them just leave them over
there on their own I'm gonna score my
pork okay now what do you think a jerk
you think a jerk chicken the jerk pork
is a very very tasty if you can eat pork
if not then stick with chicken I like it
you know it's my favorite my favorite
cut of pork loads of flavor is quite a
fatty but you know you got to indulge
sometimes on me so what's your old
fingers on this one is you know I mean
not be very careful here and I'm gonna
cut it in half as well just so it's more
manageable so it's always better to cut
on the other side because the skin again
is a little bit tough like that that's
it okay so pop it in here for a minute
lovely now the old pork belly's prepared
you songs about West Indian cooking is
all about mate marinade what you're
gonna need for this okay is scallions
here's some time scotch bonnet peppers
very very key ingredient a nice white
onion some garlic a little bit of orange
juice and some allspice sea cows jerk
pork belly is all about me being an
ambassador for Caribbean food like you
before we are the ambassadors for reggae
yeah I love it when I was a 15 and I was
training and I come back from Jamaica I
was just showing everyone it was humming
on star food I'd make jerk pork belly
jerk chicken Joe steaks whatever ever
wherever we had leftover I would jerk up
then you come to the point made one like
jerk again but you know I love it and
it's such a great source you could keep
in your fridge as well and if you wanted
to have it with chips or something like
that the garlic
then those or babies very important
chili
in spring onions or scallions as they
call them in Jamaica that's six they're
a little bit of aux bias just to be
sociable very very key ingredient that
you'll find out every single West Indian
recipe or spice it's fantastic a little
bit of orange juice now that I'll give
it a nice fruity flavor and it helped us
lubricate a little bit and a bit of
fresh thyme now you can use try it if
you've got it home but fresh is always
better it smells delicious
and then give it a little DB to when you
think it's done give it another ten
seconds
lovely nice colored as well
now put it in a bowl first they'll get
their will in there right now
get that straight in just straight on
there like that lovely now you're just
gonna marinate that olive just get it
right into those little gaps you might
want to wear some goggles or something
because in a minute I'm gonna be crying
like Pavarotti ah all right done soy
sauce just gonna give it a lovely
sweetness it's gonna help it brown as
well when it's cooking see that Oh a
little letter of love
you